how can you mean it was blackmail and
extinction but simultaneously admit yeah
you wanted it you lost it after her that
implies you want sex I'm a guy I think
you've sunk to a really low point when
you're go to excuse your behaviour I'm a
guy what you lost it off you still don't
this is the this is the concession that
some of his viewers caught him on and
that they're still reminding him of that
he's admitted that he lusted after her
so in the earlier videos where he was he
had his face on camera he was speaking
directly he admitted that he was into it
that he did want her it's here being
phrases that he lusted after her he
doesn't really ever come clean about
this but he's admitted that during these
years 16 to 18 we was living with this
girl she's taking care of his kids and
washing dishes in the sink and eating
meals together and doing literally doing
her makeup in the mirror with his wife
it's a very close relationship for
however many months she's in the house
with you it's a lot closer than most
people's relationship with their
employees are their servants and she was
involved me she was there during the
whole debacle with Billy moving in and
having three relations he's conceded
that he lusted after her during this
time but that he repressed it and so the
audience the members of his audience
here saying well wait the justification
here doesn't make sense okay it's a
little weird but it's it's finally oh
it's that push that kind of eliminates
all these other things that where you're
like is this right is it wrong should we
do this deny well it's legal but is it
morally right yada yada oh there's no
saying that if we don't do it then
they're not going to sign this agreement
which would be did you notice in there
he made the concession really briefly
he said it's legal but it's not morally
right yet I think before and after said
yada yada yada can you even imagine me
being in this situation with a 28 year
old like it and being so delusional
about it like engaging in this car
it would still be like a baffling moral
example to reflect on if this person had
gone from 26 to 28 and not from 16 to 18
when when this story unfolded one thing
that's Sara and I had when she was not
an adult was our gaming of course of
course the one thing they had together
was playing video games the basis of all
those relationships with women it seems
the same video game where we murdered
each other in it all the time that was
like our thing that was the only thing
we had was killing each other in a video
game that was our bond I guess kids kids
diapers and she was like sleeping in the
same bed with his wife who later
transitioned to being first this is
someone who lives in your house and like
cleans your kitchen and eats meals with
you every day and like I love the way
you sleep she was nothing to me and it
was like no she was she was just someone
I played video games look like dude your
kids all knew her name your aunts and
uncles I mean this has been mentioned
going to some kind of Easter dinner
Christmas dinner these kinds of holiday
events she went to as your quote/unquote
foster daughter she was a lot more to
you and to your wife than just somebody
you played and you made YouTube videos
together sorry I mean oh I don't care I
know look I'm a youtuber also there's
someone I've made like two dozen videos
with you that that's also part of the
relationship that's also a way you
relate for sure what do you want to
spend time with her or be around her in
general I was just working all the time
while she hung out with kind so yeah
kind of weird isn't really my business I
don't care about kind of weird I do
think it's it's kind of horrible to
blackmail someone in having sex with you
which is what happened to us but what
you lost it after still don't this is
the this is the concession that some of
his viewers caught him on and that
they're still reminding him of that he's
admitted that he lusted after her so in
the
earlier videos where he was he had his
face on camera we was speaking directly
he admitted that he was into it that he
did want her or it's here being phrases
that he lusted after her the you
normally stay in this in a kind of
really evasive way where he was
admitting that his wife Lainey was not
into it his wife didn't want to do it
but he was into it so they'd have these
three ways with the three of them had
sex together and he was saying his wife
wasn't it but that he was and that Sarah
really was like so he he doesn't really
ever come clean about this but he's
admitted that during these years 16 to
18 we was living with this girl she's
taking care of his kids and washing
dishes in the sink and eating meals
together and doing literally doing her
makeup in the mirror with his wife and
it's a very close relationship for
however many months she's in the house
with you it's a lot closer than most
people's relationship with their
employees of their service and she was
involved me she was there during the
whole debacle with Billy moving in and
having three relationships she was
literally there and involved and weeping
and he's conceded that he lusted after
her during this time
but that he repressed it and so the
audience the members of his audience
here are saying well wait
the justification come here doesn't make
sense given that you've admitted that
you lusted after you didn't so the point
is you didn't see her as a kid you
didn't see yourself as her foster parent
and she is your foster child because you
have he said that on camera many times
and he said everyone in the audience was
perverted and disgusted if they thought
I see adults as adults and kids as kids
sexual extortion I feel like that is
something that nobody pays attention to
it
how can you mean it was blackmail and
extortion but simultaneously admit yeah
you wanted it you lost it after her that
implies you want sex I'm a guy and an
adult woman wants to be with you and
there's nothing I think you've sunk to a
really low point when you're go to
excuse your behaviors
I'm a guy
I don't think there's any good situation
to use that line you're a guy you're
also a father of two children and this
girl raised her two children over a
period of two years two and afters again
your children know her know her name
your aunts and uncles your mom I think
he's estranged from his father they've
all met her and know her name would have
met her at Christmas dinner in those
days where and it was explained to those
people I think those people probably
also heard by his YouTube channel in
other social media that she was somebody
to be regarded as a kind of foster child
living with them and co-parenting with
them and helping out around the house in
exchange for living rent-free she was
still doing high school by
correspondence course by like you know
internet long distance high school she
was still high school student boy I'm a
guy well yeah actually the subject of
this video is whether or not you're a
good guy did you forget that it's a
little weird but it's it's finally oh
it's that push that kind of eliminates
all these other things that where you're
like is this right is it wrong should we
do this you know I well it's legal but
is it morally right oh there's no saying
that if we don't do it then they're not
going to sign this agreement which
wouldn't it did you notice in there he
made the concession really briefly
he said it's legal but it's not morally
right yet I think before and after said
yada yada yada but it was in there very
briefly it's legal but it's not more
about that was supposed to be talked
with this video right just be supposed
to be talking about morally and
ethically not legally we're not he's a
good person
all right so you see at this point in s
he tries to make himself into the victim
with this narrative about so-called
blackmail
what he is calling blackmail here is the
threat that's someone he slept with
could come on the internet and say they
slept together could tell the true story
of their love affair right I would not
call that blackmail I think it's
actually really important to say that in
the 21st century that's a serious aspect
of freedom of speech - one of the
consequence of freedom speech that all
of us liveth if I have a one night stand
with someone else who lives in my
apartment building
you know they're very unlikely to tell
other people who lived in the apartment
building I mean it's a funny thing about
humans Jane Shan you know if you sleep
with someone in your workplace so you
sleep with someone who goes to the same
gym with you so they're very unlikely to
tell other people who work out at your
gym but they may feel completely
comfortable coming on Facebook Instagram
YouTube whatever and making a video
saying hey you know I slept with that
guy and telling the whole story from
their perspective and there are some
people who when they are speaking from
their perspective even if they're being
as honest as they can be will say things
that you think are unreasonable that you
think are hurtful that you think are
untruthful or that maybe a mixture of
fact and fantasy you know I've known a
lot of people who when they're being as
honest as they can be are still a lot
less than hundred percent honest like
it's as honest as they can be with you
because they can't be that honest to
themselves and when people have hurt
feelings you know that that can be a
factor in life so I mean back in the
1990's used to say look if you're gonna
sleep with somebody make sure you're
willing to commit to dealing with the
possibility of pregnancy make sure
you're going to commit to the
possibility of dealing with sexually
transmitted disease today in the 21st
century I think you really have to be
willing to commit to the possibility
that they're going to go on the internet
and say terrible things about you
and the terrible things they're saying
may be true from their perspective they
may be false it may put you in a
terrible position of trying to clear
you know the two very different things
love and trust you can love someone you
don't really trust you know you can love
someone but no they're not reliable or
they were a little bit crazy or um maybe
once they get upset there were a lot
crazy but other times they're safe and
rational you can you can fall in love
with someone easily easily knowing that
if you break up or if it doesn't work
out they're the kind of person he'll
turn around and you know try to create
some terrible scandal on the Internet so
again I'm not morally opposed to age gap
relationships one I'm morally opposed to
is self-deception and because the
nescient was so much older and so much
wealthier he had all the power and all
the control here he owned the house he
was buying the airplane tickets he was
paying this girl's salary to live he
really was employing her as a babysitter
the extent to which he managed to delude
himself and with the sense of absolute
moral superiority destroy his own life
and then blame it on this girl yeah like
I say the purpose of engaging in this
kind of analysis is what we can learn
well we can apply to our own lives I
think there is a moral of the story here
that a lot of people could learn from
and when you open the door to let a new
person into your life in this case not
just into your life into the life of
your wife or husband into your bedroom
into taking care of your children into
your YouTube channel which is in this
case is career you make videos together
you raise kids together you yeah you
play video games together you do a lot
more than play video games you open your
door a crack and really made this girl a
part of your life and a part of your
family and you introduced her to
everyone as your foster daughter you're
on the internet and face to face in your
life yeah you're opening the door crack
and they can put their foot in it and
they could say okay this is who I am
this is what I want this is what I
expect and you know for better or for
worse if you believe in freedom of
speech you believe that they have the
power or the right and responsibility to
come on the internet and tell their own
side of the story just the way that you
and Sen have destroyed
any people's lives buy from your
perspective telling your own dad
[Music]